I've left the design studio.
On the way back to the company
I have another meeting in half an hour.
If you have any trouble, let the design museum clean it up and solve it.
Unfortunately, Brother Yanchen is busy
But as soon as I call
Someone else's is on the phone
Who is the real lady and who is the fake lady?
It's obvious, right?
Fu Yanchen, let me ask you about your wife
Stinky man hangs so fast
I'm playing
I think you want to take the opportunity to get Brother Ye Chen
Phone number
I won't give you the opportunity to approach him
I have his number.
I don't have to take it from you
I'll do it myself.
Excuse me?
If you don't stand firm, Brother Song Nan, don't stop
Everyone's time is precious
I'm not obligated to fool around with you
Ma'am, I think it's getting late
Let's go back to the company
Song Nan just has Ye Chengen's phone number.
His relationship with Yan Chengen is definitely not ordinary
Is he really King Yan Chengen?
I don't want to seal my wife's place
The fingerprints are mine. This woman can't leave them